feat(kavitaemail): Add kavitaemail (#3826)
truecharts/charts: charts/incubator/kavitaemail/docs/installation_notes.md

# Installation Notes

- Set `SMTP Host` to a smtp host.
- Set `SMTP Port` to a smtp port.

> - Set `SMTP User` to a email.
> - Set `SMTP Pass` to your email's pass. If using a google email you have to use an [app password](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833?hl=en) for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `SMTP Username` to a email.
- Set `SMTP Password` to your email's pass. If using a google email you have to use an [app password](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833?hl=en) for it.
```

> - Set `SMTP HOST` to a smtp host.
> - Set `SMTP PORT` to a smtp port.
> - Set `SMTP USER` to a email.
> - Set `SMTP PASS` to your email's pass. If using a google email you have to use an [app password](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833?hl=en) for it.
> - Set `SEND ADDR` to the email that will _send_ the emails.
> - Set `DISP NAME` to a display name that's recognizable for your email recipients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `SMTP Host` to a smtp host.
- Set `SMTP Port` to a smtp port.
- Set `SMTP User` to a email.
- Set `SMTP Pass` to your email's pass. If using a google email you have to use an [app password](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/185833?hl=en) for it.
- Set `Sender Address` to the email that will _send_ the emails.
- Set `Display Name` to a display name that's recognizable for your email recipients.
```
